adding note (#1312)
microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-php: README.md

```

> > Note: The SDK is designed to make async requests by default, to get the result object add `wait()` after the operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The SDK is designed to make async requests by default. Operations (`get()`, `post()`...) return a [Promise](https://docs.php-http.org/en/latest/components/promise.html). To get the result, call `wait()` after the operation.
```
